Careers in MIS
Daniel Molinski
Graduation Date: May 2013
Company: Mackenzie Investments
Division: Project Support Office, Information Services
Career Centre: Project Management
Position: Project Management Analyst (PMA)

What's your job like?
A PMA is "supposed to" provide support to Projects Managers and help ensure that a project stays within
its planned budget, scope, and schedule.  Realistically, however, in the 8 1/2 months I've been at
Mackenzie Investments, I've mostly been either reporting (generating reports on project's use of resources),
troubleshooting / configuring the Microsoft Project Server tool that was implemented shortly after I began,
or training.  I have spent little time working alongside actual project teams as of yet, but that is something
I can look forward to it in the very near future.  This will mean I'll attend regular progress meetings,
giving me valuable exposure to the typical project management processes.  Down the road I may even become
responsible for some deliverables.

What has MISA done for you?
If it weren't for my involvement with MISA, I don't know where I would be.  MISA helped me discover
the discipline that interested me most, and plan a clear career path which I could follow. I was
given opportunities to meet with experienced industry professionals at the many events MISA put on,
and because of this I was able to get some very valuable advice and insights into the real world
environment.  For me, a single conversation with a Great-West Life manager at the annual MISA BizTek
event caused a ripple effect leading to where I am today - I started to build a network from that
conversation, helping me get a summer job with the company, ultimately leading to my transfer to one
of the sister-companies, Mackenzie Investments in Toronto.

Nick Danzinger
Graduation Date: May 2013
Company: DigiPlus
Position: Owner & Founder

How has your MIS education helped you?
My MIS education has helped me learn and adopt new technologies far quicker than I would have
been able to with the less-technical majors. Furthermore, the system analysis and design course
has helped me communicate more effectively with developers. In fact, I am currently employing
one developer under contract and together we are creating custom software unique to our industry.
My MIS degree has made our interactions far more productive and helps me keep labor costs related
to development low. 

What's your job like?
After graduation, I started my own company, DigiPlus; a promotional product company
specializing in branded custom phone cases.

Erin McElroy
Graduation Date: May 2013
Company: Great-West Life
Position: Associate Systems Analyst

What's your job like?
Shortly after graduation, I was hired at Great-West Life as an Associate Systems Analyst. 
At work, I have the opportunity to apply what we learn in the MIS courses at Asper every day!
In my short time here, I have been exposed to various different aspects of systems analysis
and design, including gathering requirements, creating diagrams (Swimlane and ERD so far,
although many others are used here), testing, writing queries, and problem analysis,
among others on a daily basis. These are not just skills that you learn about in class,
they are very much used in the  “real-world”, and are great skills to have.
Currently, I support the systems used in the Group Policies Division at GWL.

How has your MIS education helped you?
The Asper MIS program has helped me in numerous ways, both professionally and personally.
The skills that you practice in class will being very valuable upon graduation, and the
MIS courses I took throughout my degree have prepared me for the “real world”.  The
many networking events I attended throughout my time at Asper allowed me to make connections
and learn how to network effectively, and the MISA annual networking event, 
Biztek, was an invaluable way to make connections in the MIS/IS community in Winnipeg.
I interviewed at a few different companies upon graduation, and encountered many of the
reps that I met at Biztek throughout these interviews. It helps to have that connection
both during the hiring process, as well as in the workplace.

What has MISA done for you?
During my time at Asper, I was involved with MISA and served as President in my graduating year.
Involvement in extracurricular activities was never “my thing”, but I decided to give it a try.
I am glad that I did! In my experience, employers are very impressed by students that show the
initiative to become involved. I believe that my involvement with MISA was instrumental in
getting my foot in the door and standing out among other candidates, and it also provided me
with a good reason to connect to these reps while organizing activities. I believe that if it
weren’t for MISA, I wouldn’t have had the same opportunities that I had to interview at the
organizations that I wanted to work at upon graduation, and I’m not sure I would be where I am today.